Test 1-2 testing 1-2.
Good morning.
Test 1-2.
The gigaohm biological high resistance low noise information brief is brought to you by a biologist named Jonathan J. Cooey.
You can find me by looking me up on PubMed by my last name, C-O-U-E-Y, and my first initials, J and J. Good morning, Solar Fire, Zardoz, Brother Spoon, and Jazzy Jazz.
Pamela, good to see you.
Happy New Year, everybody.
First full week of school.
Good to see you guys again.
you
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show where we stay focused on the biology.
We don't take the bait on social media, and we love our neighbor as best we can.
Thanks very much for being here on this Monday.
In America, there was supposed to be some kind of great big snowstorm.
It was going to be such a big snowstorm, they actually preemptively canceled my kid's school today.
And it turns out we got about seven millimeters
That's basically how it works.
They spread the word, and people hear it, and then act accordingly.
And that's how this stream works, actually.
Members, just a few of them, about 120 plus four all-star producer-level supporters are here.
And that's how we get here.
And the rest of you are consistently sharing this work, and that's why we're growing a little bit every week.
I don't know why I'm not playing any music anymore.
I just kind of felt like that Van Halen song was enough for me this morning.
I guess maybe I could fix that a little bit.
It has been a long, strange, weird, goofy trip that we've been on where we've had several paradigm shifts, several changes, and the only thing that stayed true
I apologize here for my throat in the morning.
The only thing that has stayed true is that the illusion is sustained by our active participation.
It is our active scrolling.
It's our active retweeting.
It's our active participation in their programs that make these theaters effective.
The only reason why we believe is because we keep turning on the TV.
and begging it for the truth and assuming that we're getting some.
And GigaOM Biological is one of the few places on the internet that would go against that contention, that any truth at all is available on mainstream or what is now called social media.
And if anybody has gotten this right over the last five years, I would say it's Bob.
The guy over in Europe who's been drawing these nice cartoons that I've been using behind my graphics.
I think this guy is one of the guys that's aware of the grand illusion that has been perpetuated on us.
Thank you very much for joining me.
It's January 6th, 2025.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I've rearranged my desk a little bit, so just give me a second to
get myself reoriented.
Hello, my name is Jonathan Cooey.
I had an equipment failure over the holiday break where my soundboard that I had gotten off of Craigslist just kind of died, and specifically it was the 48 volt microphone that was the support for the microphone's condenser.
um was dying and that was really making my microphone sound like it was clipping all the time and actually the last time that I presented to the medical doctors for COVID ethics my mic was clipping the whole time it's not clipping in the in the vu meter or whatever but it does clip in the terms of the sound and that was because my
You know, whatever that thing is that turns the AC into the DC inside of that soundboard apparently was dying.
It was also adding noise.
And so I went bananas on eBay.
I now have three.
I know that sounds silly, but on eBay you can get them for like 50 or 60 bucks.
So I have three versions of the same thing now.
Two in the cabinet, one on the desk.
I'm very happy with it.
It does, let me see, it does,
I thought I knew how to do it.
Oh yeah, it does already allow me with one click to add in the reverb, which I really like a lot.
And I can do some of the things that I could do before, but a little bit better.
And it's still got this old school English equalizer with the three or four knobs that I like a lot for adjusting some of the zoom and things that people have.
Like Mike Eden's sound is always bad, and so it's nice if you can cut the treble way back.
Anyway, thanks very much.
Yes, Bob Moran.
And yes, I am very, very happy with this signature.
It's actually somewhere down there.
It's a very nice thing.
I actually paid for that though.
Don't think that Bob knows all about GigaOM Biological and he watches and he sent me that on his own accord.
There was a brief period of time where you could pay an extra 40 bucks.
And then he would sign whatever he wanted to write.
And I had all kinds of ideas of what I was going to have him write.
But in the end, I thought that was the best idea.
And I was also hoping that maybe Bob would try to check it out.
So who knows?
If you're watching, Bob, thanks for everything that you've done.
I love your art.
I hope you're rich from it.
Keep speaking out.
Yeah, January 6th.
I'm going to switch down here.
And I hope I couldn't do it quick enough.
We are still here now where the COVID shots are bad, but we're not talking about 2020 and 2021.
And so I feel like it's kind of my job.
It's kind of other people's job to make sure that we don't lose sight of our recent history.
One of the best reasons to argue that is that deep history is really hard.
To know what people were reading in the 1700s and how popular a particular text was or how widely distributed it was or what political factions people were arguing about in cafes in the 1700s is pretty hard to know.
You can write books about it, you can read books about it, but it's pretty hard to know.
And because we all know the truth that the history is written by the victors, we can rest assured that if you get past 50 years or so, there is a narrative curation process that's going on.
And there is no truth.
If guns are dangerous, why would they give you the truth in the form of ideas in your own history, in your own identity?
Why would they ever allow you to have that?
And so I just, I feel like I need to keep beating this drum because I think more and more people need to hear it.
And I think that it's starting to spread.
And we are about to move on to YouTube with the JC on the hardwood series.
And I think that's really starting to develop now over the Christmas break.
I was able to make some arrangements with my gym owner.
And he's pretty enthusiastic about it.
I'm pretty enthusiastic about it.
And I'm going to help him with some photography and a little bit of
of social media work and as a result I'll get some access that I didn't have before and maybe a little bit less expensive because we have been paying for my boys to go there and it isn't cheap.
But it's been the best idea of my recent adult life because it's brought my sons and I together on the basketball court where I had no idea as an adult I should have been years ago already.
I gave it up.
Why am I saying all this?
I gave up basketball because I used to be really good at it and it was my excuse of, well, I can never be that good as I was when I was 23, so I don't want to play anymore.
And after a while, that excuse has dissipated in my head.
And playing with my boys, I've just rediscovered the love for that particular brand of movement.
And now I can't get enough of it.
I dress with basketball shorts every day and planning to go to the gym every day.
And so I'm really happy about where things are.
I'm very happy about where I am with my family and with my kids and with my wife and with life.
I'm just very scared for the future because GigaOM Biological has 120 followers.
125 paid subscribers plus four, you know, really committed donors every month.
And it's a pretty precarious place to be.
I love all of these people, but I also don't like the fact that they feel that too.
I'm sure they must.
And I think anybody was here for the live event and in my house for the live event, all the illusions about, um, you know, what three letter agency is paying for my family or how we're, we're grifting on this.
It became very, very obvious, very, very quick when everybody saw the mess in this room and the mess upstairs and my kids and their bedrooms.
And, and the illusion was broken.
I assure you.
And anybody that came here now and has been here with me for a while knows that this is all they got now.
Now they're gonna try and tell you that Mark and I are part of the same infrastructure that supposedly Robert Malone and Meryl Nass are fighting against.
That we're part of that elaborate meddler group that tries to break up dissident movements and prevent unity.
That's what Brett Weinstein is saying about Cali and whatever means those two doctors, brother and sister that suddenly appeared on Tucker.
But that's just as big of an illusion.
Because the only truth is, is that we are controlled by these people on social media.
And those are the people on social media.
It's not me.
I don't have six digit followers on any platform.
So by definition, I can't be part of the military exercise.
I don't control enough cats.
I don't have the attention of enough cats is what I should say.
You don't have to control them.
You just have to occupy their mind.
30,000 thoughts a day.
Lex Friedman occupies a lot of thoughts per day.
Joe Rogan occupies a lot of thoughts per day.
Brett Weinstein is occupying ever more thoughts per day.
Jordan Peterson occupies thoughts, all kinds of thoughts per day.
And comparatively,
People like Mark Kulak or myself, we occupy almost no one's thoughts per day, but except for the people who have followed us and found their way to our work, then those people are all in.
And so this is an appeal to the 150, 250 people that are all in on this exercise.
2025 in January, right now is the time.
I don't need, well, yes, I do.
I need your support, but the kind of support I need is spreading the word.
sharing my work, sharing your favorite video, downloading it from PeerTube and sending it directly via email to your friends with a link to my website or to where they can subscribe or how they can find out.
Maybe even try to get me on a Zoom meeting with some of these people that you know if you could convert them would support me.
One at a time, we need to find people willing to pitch in 10 bucks a month.
One at a time, we need to find people that are willing to pitch in 10 bucks a month because otherwise I'm never going to get to the self-sustainable level that I think this work needs to be at in order to move to the next level, which would be to have a place where we could meet and a regular sort of, you know, output.
in the form of a PDF or a publication, or I don't know how many things we could do.
But right now, my main concern is always paying the rent, figuring out how to keep the lease, the next lease low, and figuring out how to pay the light bills.
This is not a, I don't have time for much else.
And so, you know, just like Vincent Rackin' Yellow, and PBS NewsHour, and all these people with a sub stack,
Gigon Biological needs your support more than any of them do because I'm not a retired ex-pharma executive turned lawyer like the head of HART, Jonathan Engler, who meddled with me for a year and a half.
I'm not like Sasha Latapova, who's a retired pharma executive turned dissident on the team Robert Malone with a daughter who was promoted by Alex Jones in 2019
I'm not Pierre Corey who promoted supplemental oxygen in 2020 and also supported the idea that George Floyd was suffocated by the cops with a legal affidavit.
I mean, heck, I'm not even Denny Rancourt who spoke out about there being no rise in all-cause mortality in 2020 until after the shots were rolled out in 2021.
I'm just some guy who lost his job at a University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine faculty position for speaking out about a lab leak and about transfection and eventually figured out how much of an idiot I was and how much of a trap the lab leak idea was, the gain of function was, that the mystery solving exercise of what happened in 2019.
That was how they got us.
That's what this graphic is about behind me.
about a virus from a laboratory that escaped sometime in late 2019 and then went around the earth and changed color every year.
And we are now in 2025, the sixth year of this theater, and a significant portion of the earth still hasn't woken up to it.
That is a very effective global military exercise.
Nothing less than the most effective
psychological campaign ever waged on humankind in multi-language ever.
And nobody seems to notice.
They're all just focused on the shots.
Because they're bad.
And I think there is a way to get our kids out of this if we can explain to them what's going on.
We can explain to them the significance of the background or no background.
There was no clean slate blank chalkboard in 2019 upon which a bunch of things were scribbled.
It is not a gloriously blank background on which a novel coronavirus started to spread from a mud puddle to everyone, including white-tailed deer in North America and all the cats in all of the zoos.
And one of the illusions that all of our children have and all of our mouth-breathing neighbors have that have been watching the PBS NewsHour is that the background is pretty much clear of anything until they lost something in Wuhan.
And this is wrong.
Even if you believe the state,
global consensus about there being viruses, there was RNA in the form of viruses and phages in the background from the beginning until now.
And one of the largest, biggest magic tricks that was done at the beginning of the pandemic and curated, this trick was curated by people on stage.
You know, the pretty girls that go like this and show you the side of the box before they cut the box in half or the lady that gets in the box.
That's what Kevin McKernan is.
Kevin McKernan is the guy who has the lady get in the box and pretend to cut her in half.
And the magic trick is that there was nothing to find.
Now there's something to find.
And it's just a matter of how you find it.
And if you just draw it a little bit differently, instead of drawing it with their scary virus pictures, but instead you just drop a bunch of RNA in the background, this is what they did not justifiably do, which is pull a signal out of the background
and show you that it was different than the background.
Now you might say, yeah, wait a minute.
Kevin McKernan was on the Danny Jones podcast.
And he said that PCR tests were using three different target gene sequences.
And then at some point for Omicron, they didn't find the spike protein anymore.
And they called that Omicron.
Or he kind of said that, but not really.
But there are three targets.
And that's a lie.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Oh, I gotta reset this.
Oh, darn it.
That's a lie.
And that's a huge lie that needs to be understood in a very detailed way.
It would require somebody to explain it in a very detailed way, which I've attempted to do a few times.
I'm just resetting this music over here, I apologize.
And I gotta test my... There we go.
because they needed to tell you, explain to you, these proprietary emergency use authorized Chinese produced products that were used to diagnose and track the spread of this novel pathogen in 2020 and 2021 was not usefully opposed
by Claire Craig of Heart or Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project or Brett Weinstein of the Intellectual Dark Web or Robert Malone of DITRA.
None of these people ever have attempted to explain how these over 200 emergency use authorized PCR tests in America were able to differentiate the novel RNA from all the background RNA.
And instead, very, very, very studiously worked
to make sure that no one had a suitable model to understand that challenge.
Because that challenge would require multiple, multiple targets.
That challenge would require nested primers.
That challenge might even require sequencing the amplicons after PCR to be sure that the amplified sequence was the one that you thought it was and that it wasn't just the primers pulling out something from the background related to it or sequentially related to the primers.
And if you're thinking, wow, I don't even understand what he's talking about, that's because Jessica Rose and Kevin McKernan and every other person with any level of expertise has never attempted to explain it to you.
And you probably missed the three or four streams where I tried to explain it to you.
But the bottom line is, is in 2020, if you think about this background as I've just drawn it here,
And they released something in 2019 or found something in 2019 by simply making a lot of it and then putting it somewhere.
You know, a small Eppendorf tube with a few grams of any DNA that they wanted could be put anywhere they wanted.
It would be pretty stable.
And if they used PCR directed to it to find it, they would certainly find it.
And so let's just come up with the most sinister and evil scenario, where Moderna and NIH designed some kind of designer protein with the help of EpiVax's special epitopes, so that when they put this little epitope into any protein that they wanted to, the body would have a hard time ignoring it, and every time it saw that protein, it would produce antibodies to it.
so that essentially they would have a secret trick that they could put into any biologic that they made and meet the very standard of the NIH for an immunogen, something that generates a seroprevalence response to it.
So you have this NIH and they have this, you know, this surrogates for immunity or correlates of immunity and most of the time it's antibodies.
And so then you have separately this idea and this study of why and how does the body choose the particular epitope to which it makes an antibody response and how do you get that to reliably happen.
And you'll find that Robert Malone's paths cross with EpiVax.
And you'll find that Robert Malone's paths cross with Inovio.
And you'll find that all of these things lead back to all of these people from Kevin McKernan to Robert Malone to Merrill Nass, knowing that one of the things they can do because of the Human Genome Project is make some pure DNA, as much as they want, actually, with very standard recombinant methods that include
growing bacterial plasmids in bacteria.
One of the things that Kevin McKernan is talking about right now is evidence of the plasmids in the RNA shot as contaminants, as adulteration, is that they can see the origins of replication for these plasmids as they are used in the bacterial cultures.
Again, inadvertently, indirectly admitting that I have been right for several years that actually the only danger and the big difference between anything that might or might not be done in a virology lab with anything taken out of an animal like a bat anus and recombinant virology
is that when Shengxi Li takes her swab and puts it in an Eppendorf tube and then tries to extract a sequence, she can never really get that sequence to grow into a pure quantity of itself.
She can never get that sequence to grow into a pure quantity of itself that she could share with her family and friends or her fellow virology researchers around the world.
Kevin McKernan and Merrill Nass and Robert Malone all are sophisticated.
Jessica Rose is sophisticated enough to know that it doesn't matter what virus sequence they find in the wild, they can never get that sequence, no matter how good of a sample they do or how many bats they poke.
They can never get that sequence to grow a large, pure quantity of itself, no matter what cells they grow it in, even if it's 06 cells.
The only way that they can get a large, pure quantity of that genome is to make it.
And they make it in the way that Bryan Artis would say that they make all the venom proteins that they're putting in all this stuff, or making pounds of, I guess, to kill us with.
But for some reason, Brian Artis can't explain that RNA cannot pandemic, but mankind can make a lot of DNA and mankind can make a lot of RNA.
And PCR works.
It's not perfect.
It's not a great diagnostic, but PCR, how it is used works.
It makes a fluorescent signal and that fluorescent signal goes through a period of exponential growth.
And so if you give them these correlates as outcomes, and you trust their proprietary primers to be pulling out something that isn't already there, then I guess you believe that RNA can pandemic.
But if you understand that there's a background signal, and that in 2020, and 2021, and all the way up until now,
Nobody, because of proprietary reasons, is able to evaluate whether or not they are doing something that they say they're doing, which is pulling this signal from a background.
Back to the story.
If they wanted to use a background signal like this, and they wanted to put, say, 18 additional amino acids or 19 additional amino acids into that protein because that would make it an exceptional immunogen, and then find it somewhere and say,
that it was novel, knowing all along that the whole world doesn't know that there's a background there of the exact same shape, missing 19 amino acids.
But when you pull it up with PCR, those 19 amino acids are trivial.
Because of course, you're gonna use the most conserved regions of that protein, which don't change across this background signal.
You're gonna use the end protein because that doesn't change with the background signal.
Did they ever tell you what was specific about the N-protein of SARS-CoV-2 relative to the N-protein of OC43?
No, they didn't because there's probably nothing significantly different between them.
Did they tell you the difference between how different the spike protein of this one was from other spike proteins?
Well, with bat viruses, yes, but not with the human coronavirus.
So there's a lot of things that they didn't talk about on purpose, because again, if the goal is to confound a background signal with novel spread,
and you have a spectacular commitment to lies on your hands, then all you gotta do in 2020 is claim that you found what you found.
You only have to find it in one place.
And as long as it has significant sequence overlap with that background, then you can complain all you want about the furin cleavage site and complain all you want about the HIV inserts when in reality, the amplicon
which is the small portion of the target sequence that you amplify.
The amplicon was not the furin cleavage site.
The amplicon was not the HIV inserts.
The amplicon was the most shared sequence in the background with whatever they already understood as the background, and it was announced as evidence.
Remember that the Chinese just used metagenomic sequencing to pull up the rest of this.
this background, they found the spike.
The spike was a very big signal.
The rest was done with metagenomic sequencing.
And if you planted a particularly pure signal of that spike protein, metagenomic sequencing would sort it out pretty nicely.
It's just what metagenomic sequencing does with noise that's very shady.
It's not that metagenomic sequencing can't find a hot signal.
It definitely can.
That's how there's this bamboozlement happening.
People don't understand the way that these algorithms work and how a planted signal could be used on the background of this algorithm to make it seem like, wow, there's a whole new thing back there, when all they really did was add their epitope to the background so that when they said, look, we're just gonna take 45 minutes and design a quick protein, add a proline here and a disulfide bond there, and then we'll have our vaccine ready to go.
And what's curious about it is we'll also have our tests ready to go and there's already, the tests will find what's in the background because they're not specific for the new signal and nobody ever monitored it.
Did you hear on the nightly news when the furin cleavage site went away?
Even though Charles Rixey was convinced for the first three years and longer, I guess, till now, that the furin cleavage site is what made it able to go around the world and change colors repeatedly for years and years and infect all of the white-tailed deer.
The most contagious virus ever.
So why didn't we monitor the furin cleavage site?
Because once it went away, we could have said, you know, all clear.
Because it's a lie.
And so what they did was they released a pure signal so that they knew what they were going to find.
Maybe that pure signal was something that was advantageous to the appearance of effectiveness in these transfections.
So a reliable epitope may be provided by EpiVax and Robert Malone or may be provided by some other research at NIH.
Who cares?
We know that they're doing that stuff.
The point is, is if that background was there and on that background, they released this signal that they wanted to try out in transfection, then the Chinese would have found it.
And we could have said, oh, well, I guess it's there and it's spreading everywhere.
But all the while your tests are just pulling that background and you weren't testing in these years.
You just started testing in 2020.
And of course, now that we are supposedly transfecting people to the thing that this PCR test is supposed to be specific for, I mean, how much background is there now?
What is the known background?
What was the E protein background before 2020?
What was the N protein background before 2020?
What was the S protein background before 2020?
What about the RNA dependent RNA polymerase background in 2020?
What about that?
How were these 220 EUA-granted PCR tests and lateral flow diagnostics, most of which produced in China, how were they accurately differentiating this background and the new signal?
They weren't.
It becomes very obvious now that they weren't, they never were, and that's why it becomes very important to understand why it is criminal evidence
that Kevin McKernan and Claire Craig and Mike Yeadon and Thomas Binder and Peter Borger and all these, and there's another German guy on there.
There's a bunch of authors.
We need to ask all of those people, how the hell, how the heck was this group of authors assembled across borders
Why did you assemble?
Who's the one who wrote the paper?
Who contributed to the discussion?
How many Zoom meetings were there?
Did you record any of them?
Because those people did not, did not differentiate from the background, did not make an argument about a background.
Not even Mike Eden.
That paper was exclusively about
the extremely fast review process for the PCR test proposed by Drosten in Germany and accepted by the WHO.
And it was about the primer dimers and the other methodological problems with the protocol proposed by Drosten and accepted by the WHO.
It in no way, shape, or form did it question the foundational myth
that these PCR tests would be able to differentiate a signal from the background, that there was a signal to differentiate from the background, that a signal in RNA was even remotely biologically possible, but instead accepted all of those premises, instead arguing about the details of the diagnostic tests.
And remember that this occurred on the background of 200 emergency use authorized proprietary products, diagnostic testing in America alone.
200 diagnostic test products were in America perpetuating this myth.
And none of these people, not Brett Weinstein, Robert Malone, Steve Kirsch, Kevin McKernan, Kevin McCairn, Charles Rixey, none of them
Only me was usefully questioning the basic idea that the diagnostic was differentiating something significant from a background, as opposed to just turning a background into a mythological something significant.
That's where I was in July of 2020.
And if it wasn't for these people coming to my house and paying me salaries and asking me to write book chapters, I would have been there the whole five years.
And I apologize to everyone I didn't save, including my friend, Nathan.
But this is the most likely, most parsimonious explanation, a background signal misconstrued as a novel spreading thing.
And the easiest and best way to see through it is that none of these people usefully objected to the use of PCR as a diagnostic, nor did they ever present this as a possibility.
None of them.
Not the brilliant and multi-talented Jessica Rose.
Not Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project.
Not Robert Malone.
not Meryl Nass, not Robert F. Kennedy Jr., not Mary Holland, none of them.
The important thing to remember, ladies and gentlemen, is that background signal could also be ours.
They could have just been looking at the RNA, the whole RNA signal after pneumonia or during pneumonia and selecting a signal which would show up repeatedly.
The signal could have been a bacteriophage signal.
The signal could have been an RNA dependent RNA polymerase signal or an end protein signal.
And the source of the signal would not necessarily even matter.
It could be a signal from our own mucus.
It could be a signal from a particular kind of bacteria that lives in a majority of people's lungs.
It doesn't matter.
The point is that this background, be it bacteriophages in your gut and in your saliva and in your mucus, or
exosome signaling from your immune system or any other source of RNA, including the bacteria in your, in your body and on your skin, the bacteria in your environment, in the air, it doesn't matter.
The point is this, they never made a name, never made an attempt to.
And once this thing started, they put people in place that would never ever question it.
That's why Kevin McKernan of the Human Genome Project was on podcast after podcast in 2020 telling everybody about how PCR works to diagnose this, well, not so novel virus.
It might've been around in 2019.
That's what he said.
And so it doesn't matter where the background comes from.
It just matters that they know what it is so that when they tell you what they found, it already fits into the puzzle.
When they tell you how the phylogenetic tree has progressed, it fits into the puzzle.
They had 10 years to do it since the first time they released a clone in 2002 and tried to track it around the world for 700 patients or so.
if that's what happened in 2002.
You could think of that as a single clone unit.
Maybe it was a little propane tank full of the sequence they wanted to find, and they released it on an apartment building in China, and then they tracked it around the world.
Ooh, wow, that worked pretty well.
And that was also just a signal on the background.
How long would they be able to track the novel signal from the background?
How long would it be loud enough?
How long would the PCR signal be loud enough?
Maybe they fooled around with that.
I don't know.
But what I know is that if anything moved in 2002, it was moving from a ultra pure, high quantity of a single,
RNA sequence that could not exist in nature and could not be produced by natural means.
It would only be by commercial means that such a large quantity would be produced and therefore only such a large quantity could enter this background and be seen for a while, detected for a while.
This is not me saying that there are viruses, but this is definitely me saying that we don't understand how that would work.
And definitely somebody like Robert Malone or Claire Craig or Jonathan Engler or Nick Hudson, none of these people are thinking about these ideas based on the fact that one of the only things we can do, one of the only things that every pharmaceutical company that makes any biologic can do, is that they can make a lot of DNA and they can make a lot of RNA.
And that's all you need.
And so transfecting kids, it's a crime.
And they knew that from the very beginning.
So the lie's gotta be big.
The lie's gotta be really big.
It's not gain of function and scary viruses and all kinds of crazy biology.
It is a giant lie about that.
And that's how we got here where no one, no one is yet saying RNA cannot pandemic.
No one, not even the no virus people will take that on.
Not the mythology one, not the transfection part, none of it.
And they won't take on the part about infectious clones being just a semantic disguise for recombinant DNA and transfection of cell culture because that's what virology is.
even if the sequences that they find in the background are real, in order for them to pretend to study them, they need to use recombinant methods to make enough.
And once they do that, they're not doing natural stuff anymore.
They're not working on the natural signal anymore, and they're not ever going to figure out anything useful about whatever that signal is in the background, if it is anything at all.
My guess is, is because of metabiota, it's very hard for me to believe that it's anything at all.
I think they're misconstruing it completely.
And it is much more likely that that signal is produced by pattern integrities.
It is not a pattern integrity by itself, of course.
Which is what it would be if it was evolving by itself, and that the new variants were working together now, as Nature Communications is telling us.
This is all nonsense.
And so what is the known background?
We will never be told this.
Kevin McKernan will never, you know, devolve into this level of understanding and this level of explanation.
He's not going to go there because from 2020, his job was to make sure that people never usefully questioned PCR as a diagnostic.
Maybe that's why Kerry Mullis was killed in 2019.
Maybe because he was a loose end.
As goofy as he was, he still knew it was bullshit.
So they took a background signal and they misconstrued it as spread.
They murdered people and lied about it.
And RNA cannot pandemic.
That's what I'm sure of.
And so they use these weaponized piles of money to do that.
And that weaponized piles of money, they paid people to be on social media.
They participated in that.
We participated in arguing with those people.
And by doing that, we accepted their narrative by default.
That's how we've come to understand the wrong history about World War II.
That's how we've come to understand, you know, Israel the way we understand it and Ukraine the way we understand it is not a useful understanding because that history is false.
And do I know that history?
No, I don't.
But I don't think you can start Googling it and in a few days understand that history.
It's not available like that.
You got to work harder than that.
It's more than just scrolling.
I've rediscovered a word that somebody sent me an essay a while back that I read and was really moved by and then kind of forgot about because of all the things that are going on in the background.
You can Google it and find that essay really easy by just Googling slave speak, the anatomy of slave speak.
That's where we are right now.
And I think it's an absolutely brilliant metaphor for the same thing that I've been trying to argue about, these weaponized piles of money.
They give us words, and the words have meaning.
And as long as we use those words and try to argue with them, we are always going to lose.
And that's what's so scary, I think, for them about my work, is that I'm trying to find and redefine words, retake back words that have been monopolized by them for a couple decades.
and form the basis for this slave speak, especially the slave speak with regard to our children, the slave speak with regard to our biology, the slave speak with regard to evolution.
And that's what I think this list is behind there.
And I, you know, you can think of these things as kind of slave speak, you know.
Both sides have come to agree that a feeble, sick, unfit president must step down.
All the slaves believe that now.
Both sides of the coin believe that, you know, that was really despicable what they did with Briden.
They should be ashamed of themselves.
But interestingly, both sides have also come to agree that Israel, Ukraine, climate virus, pandemic, endemic, America, the dollar, cryptocurrency are all ideas with real meanings.
And unfortunately, most Americans have a very slave speak definition for a lot of these words.
Just saying the words already provokes the cage bars and they become instantly
materialize right before your eyes just by using these words.
As soon as you start arguing within the context of their Ukraine, the cage bars around your consciousness are solid.
As soon as you start arguing about the dollar, your cage, it becomes more solid.
As soon as you start arguing about endemic or pandemic or virus, the cage bars become solid.
And so one of the things that I think we have managed to accomplish, maybe Mark and I, or Mark and I and a few other people, whoever's sharing our work and working with us, like Scott and Joe and all of our followers, we've been able to shake some of those bars, break some of those bars, the bars of the novel virus, the bars of a pandemic, the bars of endemicity.
Mark might even be doing a lot of work to break the,
the illusion of what America is that I don't mean in the sense of
Of of wrecking america.
I mean in the sense of what's what's motivating the left and the right right now in america How do we understand what's going on?
And it's very hard for the right in america right now to see that they too are being played It's easy to look over to the other side to the people with the blue flags And say wow, those people have really been fooled.
They really they really bought into something They should have never bought into they can't It's harder to see that in yourself, but I can see it in both sides
Um, and it's Slavespeak.
Slavespeak 225 is uh...
Vaccine and vaccination, it's climate change, it's artificial intelligence, it's neural link, it's algorithms.
People on social media think they understand these big concepts and think that they can explain these big concepts to their kids.
And the most scary part is when their kids ask a question about these ideas, they will give them the answer that is slave speak.
And I think slave speak right now is largely curated by academia and by medicine, by doctors and by lawyers.
So we have a priesthood of sorts that sits above politicians.
The politicians are becoming more and more idiots.
And the priest class above them, which sits between them and the elites, are people that control us using words, not violence anymore, but words.
And they curate the meaning of those words through an illusion of consensus by agreeing to lie to us together, coordinatedly.
And most of the people in academia don't know they're doing it.
I didn't know I was doing it before the pandemic started.
I didn't know I was doing it in 2022.
or in 2021 when I thought I was fighting a possible lab leak.
I thought I was fighting a possible aberrant evolution of a lab leak because of a stupid transfection.
And so ladies and gentlemen, it's gonna take a lot of work.
Everybody's gonna have to do the work in order to stop speaking slave speak and then to hear when you are speaking it and then how to designate it as such.
It's tough work and it's only something that I'm just scratching the surface of now.
But there is no doubt in my mind now that these myths perpetuated by traitors are simply hiding murder with lies.
The murder being this problem of the baby boomer generation after World War II having big families as they aged out.
they could have potentially bankrupt many Western nations.
And the lopsided shape of our population pyramid has a brief level of pain in it that our bankrupt nations could not sustain.
This had to be managed.
And more importantly, managed, but it was also just an opportunity to be used.
These numbers were gonna go up.
The question is, what were they gonna tell us the numbers were going up for?
And I believe that's why all the actuaries that are actually anywhere on social media, and I'm talking to Dodd and people who pretend to do actuarial numbers like Denny Rancor or actuaries like Nick Hudson, they all, the ones that are prominent on social media around the world, especially on X and in these crazy little groups like Panda and Heart, all of them
None of them will ever mention this problem.
None of them will ever mention this problem that in 1974 was obvious.
And even after it's pointed out to them, they won't mention it.
And the same with those people that have talked to me for all those years and all those pictures, they won't take this
very succinct explanation and critique it, sharpen it, correct it, criticize it, show me how I'm wrong on all of these things.
No, no.
They do everything they can to try and find some trivial mistake that I made or some clip that can be misconstrued as a trivial mistake and then just post that as what I do all day.
instead of just saying that, you know what, Jay's kind of a creep, but he gets it right on that one slide with all the smoke.
The reason why they won't do it, ladies and gentlemen, is because this illusion is going to go on.
So I got a couple videos I want to watch with you to show you how this illusion is going to go on.
I'm going to pause this one when I need to.
This is just a video from Quantum Magazine about the 2024 in biology.
And it's hilarious to me.
you have an ancestor that lived billions of years ago, who goes by the name of Luca.
Luca is the last universal common ancestor to all modern life on Earth.
Including us, including bacteria, frogs, fish, trees, fungi, everything is alive and it has a cell.
In a 2024 paper, researchers peered back in time to paint the most complete picture of Luca yet, using evidence from a wide range of scientific disciplines.
I came up with a holistic understanding of when LUCA existed and how it interacted with the environment.
So what was LUCA like?
Ever since scientists realized that all life on Earth shares certain characteristics, that suggested to us that there was some common ancestor.
Darwin, in fact, in one of his letters said that if you trace his idea of evolution back to the very beginning, that would imply that there was some common ancestor.
So it was really Darwin who first started thinking about what that universal ancestor could have looked like.
Yeah, the trouble with that is, is that Darwin didn't really like that idea.
He liked the idea of microevolution, you know, explaining how finch beaks change and stuff like that, but he didn't really like that idea that you could get from something, from nothing to something with that same mechanism.
I mean, so again, regularly people will do this and I think I would have done it before 2020.
Had you put me in front of a camera and asked me these questions, I would have spouted out the same kind of neo-Darwinism or, or sorry, is that neo-Darwinism or old Darwinism or,
traditional Darwinism that it explains everything, especially now that in the 50s we found DNA.
So again, this is just the accepted presumption upon which Biology 101 is based.
And so we're just hearing a recapitulation of Biology 101, specifically evolution because DNA.
And now if you assume evolution because DNA, then whatever you find here is what you find here, and you explain it in that context.
But it is not edifying evidence for it at all.
All the evidence we have now cannot be dated, it's all current.
All the DNA sequences on Earth right now are current.
All the animals on Earth right now are current.
All the fossils on Earth right now are current.
And the way that we date them and how we talk about dating them is all speculative, pseudoscience.
and probably a large body of factually incorrect information thought of as knowledge.
And we have been building our castle on this for generations now.
And it's not by accident.
It is because people are governed by mythologies, because the organized habits and opinions of the masses are something that needs to be regularly manipulated.
And the people who do it are the real governing power of our republic.
And so they need you bamboozled by the biology.
They need you to not understand.
They need you to think that all the questions have been answered and that we understand everything.
And so you might as well just surrender to them because you're not going to be able to read enough books to catch up.
not the origin of life on Earth, but the emergence of life as we know it today.
And Luca was not alone.
We can think of Luca as more like a population rather than like a single individual.
And there probably were many different types of organisms living at that time, whose descendants later died out fairly shortly thereafter, or maybe died out only recently.
But Luca survived and went on to evolve into all modern life.
See, that's already the whole idea that this is bridging a gap between the lightning bolt that hit a mud puddle and the first eukaryote prokaryote that then split into those two groups.
And so we're talking about one of these things again, where if you're given an infinite time and an infinite what if and an infinite failure rate, then eventually a room full of monkeys will write Shakespeare.
It is absolutely no different than that.
And it's all because we found DNA.
Evolution because DNA.
Yo, yo, yo.
All this stuff is real because evolution, because that's it.
That's the whole kit and caboodle.
And the trick is, is that since we've been in high school, they've been telling us this over and over and over again in the biology 101 textbook, where they start from the bottom and they build up.
And they say, you know, cells and then tissues and then organs, and then.
It's remarkable.
We're gonna get out.
We're gonna get our kids out.
Today, there are two domains of cellular life descended from LUCA, prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
Prokaryotes include bacteria and archaea, which are comparatively simple cells.
Eukaryotes are more complex and include all forms of complex multicellular life.
You know, we're paleontologists, most of us.
We're interested in understanding early evolutionary history.
However, we can only really get back at this ancestral point, looking at modern organisms.
To reveal our evolutionary history, Edmund Moody, Phil Donahue and their team sought to reconstruct Luca's genome, or collection of genes.
And then from these, try and build kind of like a working metabolic network and then use this as a basis to try and understand what Luca would have been like.
Their approach involved filling out an evolutionary family tree based on the genomic relationships among 700 living bacterial and archaean species.
What we need to do is infer a tree of those 700 species, those 700 genomes.
In order to do that, you need to pull out genes, which we think have evolved very slowly, been very conserved, haven't changed much over the billions of years.
Using a suite of software and loads of computing power, the team constructed a probabilistic gene tree leading back to LUCA.
So this says, OK, well, we've got X number of genes, a probability of 50%.
Now, the trick here is to understand, and I think Matt Briggs would also appreciate this very much, that this is all computers now.
It's all math now.
It's all sequences now.
It's all in a computer.
None of this stuff is ever going to be checked.
None of it is ever going to be verified with real world data.
None of it is ever going to be rigorously verified.
All these people are going to go on in their scientific career to produce more pseudo-knowledge until their whole career is just based on this nonsense.
Neuroscience is also doing it with computer models that in no way, shape, or form contribute to our understanding of an irreducible complexity, but instead start with such an absurdly simple idea and assume it's right.
What's the null hypothesis here?
It's not science, man.
Or a probability of 75%.
Therefore, we think that these genes were probably in Luca.
By integrating the probabilities of thousands of gene families, the team estimated Luca's genome likely encoded 2,600 proteins.
Our main take-home result is that Luca is a complex organism, very similar, perhaps.
2,600 proteins.
Now, I need you to hear this one, because this is actually a really big deal.
There are 31 proteins in the coronavirus that supposedly leaked in a mud puddle in Wuhan and then went around the world going on six years this year.
31.
Yet when they go back millions of years to our first ancestor, they estimate that it was 2,600 proteins.
And this guy can't think for a second like, wait, what are they telling us viruses are doing?
What's that?
Huh?
How does that work?
Wait, what?
It never occurs to him that that's a problem?
That the simplest watch from which all other watches on earth are descended has 2,600 parts according to his computer model.
But a pandemic of a coronavirus just went around the earth and continues to go around the earth now and tracked with high fidelity, has 31 proteins and just 30,000 bases.
I mean, that's what you get, right?
When you so specialize in your biology, the little field that you don't think about how preposterous it is, the assumptions that you make, given what we know from other fields.
But that's academia.
That's academic biology.
That's the biomedical sciences right now.
People are trained to ask questions that don't encroach on other people's questions.
And they are trained to try and find a little piece of that pie that they can slice ever thinner while not encroaching on anyone else's piece of the pie.
And that's why it was a lot easier to get tenure and do something useful 20 or 30 years ago than it is now.
Because there's a lot more people trying to cut up the same pie.
using the same crappy methods.
It's a bit smaller than a modern day bacterium, for example.
Luca would have had a simple phospholipid membrane and the molecular machinery from- Funny, it's a lot simpler than a modern day bacteria.
So again, he seems to understand that a simple organism, simpler than a modern day bacteria is 2,600 proteins?
2,600 genes?
The coronavirus has 31.
Maintaining a genome and building proteins.
It could metabolize hydrogen gas and carbon dioxide.
But one of the really interesting things that we found, which was a complete surprise to us, was the CRISPR-Cas system.
CRISPR-Cas is a basic immune system cells use to fight off viral attacks.
Then some people are surprised that viruses would have been around that long ago.
Luca may have lived off of non-living sources like hydrothermal vents or atmospheric gases.
And so their argument now is, is that because the computer program said that CRISPR-Cas is an old gene, then it must have been old gene.
And so then that means that the computer program says that there must have been viruses that were infecting bacteria back then.
It couldn't be that the RNA in the background was part of a background that the whatever this is had to interact with.
Now, I'm not arguing that.
What I'm saying to you is that these people don't even seem to think very deeply about the model that they propose, because the model that they propose is like a 12-year-old's model with a 12-year-old depth of thought.
You could do it better than this.
Even if you still believed I would have come up with better than this in 2020, I would have a better explanation for this.
Who are these people?
May have dined on the chemical waste of other microbes.
To me, it seems more likely that Luca would have been part of a complex ecosystem, even at that point in time, exchanging metabolic products, et cetera, with all sorts of different things.
For a complete picture, the team also needed to determine when Luca lived.
And so we used some molecular and paleontological methods to try to estimate its age by calibrating the branches within genome trees.
By comparing the rates of mutation over time across gene families, they were able to arrive at a date.
So we estimated Luca's age to be around 4.2 billion years old.
This is fairly soon after the Earth would have cooled off and been habitable for life.
4.2 billion years.
understand that this is one of the foundational assumptions of biology 101 I don't want to reveal too much but I mean this is really the at the heart of it we need to get to the foundational myths
Where did we go wrong when we heard biology 101 from our high school teacher?
Where did our high school teacher go wrong when they learned biology 101?
Where did all these academic biologists go wrong when they did their oral exam and just regurgitated the DNA to RNA to protein?
Crap.
We can do it.
We are going to do it.
2025 is the year that we start doing it.
We're going to get our kids out of this.
to emerge.
To me, that really ancient age is very surprising because we reconstruct Nucleus being quite a complex organism and yet it existed within about two, three, four hundred million years of Earth forming as a planet.
Hopefully, you know, we've gone closer to the truth of this but clearly more work will need to be done.
Here we go.
This is the vagus nerve.
This long bundle of neurons is a two-way information superhighway that connects the brain to many of the body's internal organs.
So there's a dizzying... Interesting fact, I just want to see if I can find it quick without too much work, um, YouTubage, uh, my channel.
And then searching my channel for, um,
um what would i have called it i would have called it um brain mind right or something like that turn a club on a bike neurotransitive the brain mind connection so here um i've got a video uh on my own youtube channel
And this YouTube video is from 2020, and it's before the pandemic.
Or during the pandemic, I think it's before the pandemic because nobody's wearing masks there.
And this is a video where I talk about the connection between the gut and the brain.
Hey, thanks for joining me on my ride.
This is a Journal Club on a Bike covering the latest paper from Peter Strick's lab.
Peter Strick is the head of my department of neurobiology at the School of Medicine at the University of Pittsburgh.
He's been working on the connections between the motor cortex and the muscles for
or at least 20 years.
Um, this guy was a scientist while I was still eating breakfast cereal and watching Saturday morning cartoons.
And so he's got an age factor of about 80.
He is one of the elder statesmen of neuroscience in America.
Um, this guy's lab is now moving in a new direction to look at the mind body problem.
Can you hear how much brown nosing is going on in this video?
Can you hear how badly I want tenure?
Can you hear how badly I want to work for Peter Strick right here in this video?
I can.
I can also hear that my nodule on my vocal cords is already starting to develop.
Now I'm starting to wonder if it was because of the talking on the bike.
I never even thought about that.
That's maybe when it started.
I just want to make this point, right, that in 2019, I did it, maybe this is early 2020, but I think it's 2019 still.
I should just escape and look.
It can't be, because that would be really early.
More, and move your head.
It is June 22, 2020.
Oh, okay, so it's during the pandemic, but then people weren't wearing masks on the street anymore.
So that's still when I hadn't been asked to not come in anymore.
I didn't get asked not to come in anymore until October of 2020.
So I was still talking about a lab leak on my bike and, you know, arguing with people in the hallways about natural immunity and all this other stuff up until October of 2020.
And then I was asked not to come in anymore.
And fortunately for me and my family, they still had to pay my contract out until July the next year.
And so I had time to start my work.
It became giga ohm biological as you see it now.
So, this video is available on YouTube and it's about the vagus nerve and about the tracing of that anatomy in
monkeys and I might even look at some of the pictures here you know tracing this this nerve down to the gut and so it's a very basic study but it's done in rats and in monkeys and it's comparative and it shows that it's across animals and so you know we've been interested in this for quite a few years and so it's interesting now that you know this guy talks about like we just discovered the vagus nerve of course we've known about it now the question becomes
Does this humble them in terms of, you know, well, we thought we knew what we were dealing with, but now it's obviously a lot more complicated than we thought.
And then the implications of this being that there might be a lot more complications that we're not yet aware of, but instead, no, not at all.
It's just like, we just got to keep going.
And while we have another piece of the puzzle, well, I found out that the watch has an alarm.
That's pretty cool.
an array of stimuli that comes up from the body and can evoke various behavioral and physiological responses.
The brain can also, in turn, regulate the body.
This May, a team of scientists published research revealing a surprising new vagal connection between the brain and the body's immune system.
And there is no question that the whole set of diseases and disorders that were previously thought to be diseases of
The body are undoubtedly going to emerge as diseases of body-brain communication.
Body-brain communication.
Now, the really crazy thing is that the vagus nerve innervates your gut.
And so it would be really crazy if there was an interaction between your gut and your gut microbiome and your brain, wouldn't it?
And of course, you guys know that that's already the case.
We already know that.
We know that in certain rare diseases that bacterias release a certain protein that can cause a psychological change.
We know that this in very anecdotal cases, therefore, why wouldn't it be in health and disease?
Why wouldn't this symphony be one of the essential attributes of our pattern integrity, one of the central angles of our pattern integrity, and that we're just discovering it now, that there is a central nerve called the vagus nerve, which may carry this information back and forth between our periphery and our brain?
Now they're going to say that it also might influence the immune system?
Then how in the hell can we augment the immune system with intramuscular injection of a combination of substances and know for sure that we're not going to augment the brain of the person in response to that?
In 1921, physiologist Otto Loewi discovered that stimulating a frog's vagus nerve slowed its heartbeat.
He named the associated signaling chemical vagustoff and later won the Nobel Prize.
The vagus nerve contains some of the longest neurons in the body and connects the brainstem to vital organs, including the stomach, lungs and heart.
They're both sensory neurons that take information from the body up to the brain, as well as motor neurons that go in the opposite direction.
Through the vagus nerve, the brainstem regulates basic survival systems, such as breathing, heartbeats, and hunger.
One term that's often used with the vagus is homeostasis.
And so any deviation from that homeostatic set point, the body-brain signals will help bring the body back to that equilibrium.
In 2020, Charles Zucker's lab stumbled upon a surprising brain-body connection.
Their studies of taste receptors revealed that in mice, the sensation of sweetness comes not only from the tongue, but also from the stomach.
Now, this opened up this world, body-brain signaling.
What other salient examples are over brain control of body biology in a way that's completely unexpected?
And we thought the immune system poses an amazing example.
At the time, there was no evidence that the brain communicated directly with the immune system.
However, experiments performed in the 1990s by neurosurgeon Kevin Tracy pointed to the possibility of a connection.
So the crazy experiment at the time, where he did a sort of a coarse electrical stimulation of the vagus nerve, and he found that stimulating the vagus nerve dampened the immune system.
He called this the anti-inflammatory reflex.
Inflammation is the immune system's first line of defense.
After sustaining an injury or infection, pro-inflammatory molecules are released to help fight pathogens.
Then, the release of anti-inflammatory molecules keeps the inflammation response in... Release from where?
Do you hear the lack of specificity?
Do you hear the lack of details?
They're waving over this, waving over that, while at the same time trying to add multiple layers of irreducible complexity to an already irreducibly complex model of how we work.
Pretending like it's no big deal.
We found three more layers, no big deal.
and check, so it doesn't damage the body's own tissues.
A heightened inflammatory response has been linked to a host of diseases and disorders.
Multiple sclerosis, type 1 diabetes, lupus, and I can go on and on.
and also some metabolic disease like obesity and diabetes.
Overactive inflammation is definitely a bad thing.
Is this a discovery?
Of course it's not!
The discovery is that it could be regulated by lots of interconnected systems.
The sad part is, is that they don't realize that intramuscular ejection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
And that was just on the physical basis of the layout of our body.
The layout of our immune system relative to barriers.
The way our defenses are set up.
And now you're telling me that our immune system and our gut are all interacting through our brain?
Chemicals released by those and chemicals released by our brain?
And now you think that intramuscular injection of a combination of substances to augment the immune system is more safe or less safe?
They're just really excited that they can make their little tiny sliver of science even longer and longer and longer at the end.
That's what they're most excited about.
This means that we've got lots and lots and lots of more slices of the pie we can make.
In a series of experiments, the Zucker team set out to find whether there's a mechanism in the brain that controls the inflammatory process.
We reasoned that it has to be some sort of homeostatic controls.
First, the researchers identified the groups of neurons in mice that are activated during immunological challenges.
They wondered what would happen if they used genetic techniques to activate these neurons.
You can choose to excite or inhibit.
they discovered that these neurons in the brainstem acted like a volume dial for inflammation.
The researchers could manipulate them to turn the inflammatory response up or turn it back down.
Two lines, one carries pro-inflammatory, one carries anti.
Jason, I think you should find that, find that paper.
That was a huge surprise that it's really telling the brain what's happening on both sides of this homeostatic.
This was the first time that control of the immune system was located in the brain.
Further research of this inflammatory homeostat in humans could lead to new treatments for the many diseases linked to inflammation.
And if you could find ways to tap and control the activity, either positively or negatively, for each of these... So they're not talking about finding the source of these dysregulated states, these diseases.
They're not trying to find the source of that, like, you know,
the intramuscular injection of a combination of substances with the stupid idea of augmenting the immune system.
We're not gonna look for the causes of this.
We're just looking for fun ways to take advantage of it so that we can understand the brain better.
Cool, huh?
The neuron types, you have profound effects.
I think opens up a new window in the way we think about how perhaps we can help make a difference.
These are microscopic molecular machines essential to life on Earth.
They've evolved over millions of years to perform a vast array of vital functions.
You know, one of the things about the protein thing that is hilarious to think about is that most of the most interesting machines that we have in our cells are actually composed of proteins and RNA.
They're riboproteins.
And so, for example, like ribosomes are not just, they're not just proteins.
They're big pieces of RNA folded up in a particular way with proteins folded up in a particular way.
And then they make subunits and stuff that I don't understand all the details of.
But I know that solving the protein folding problem is not all it's cracked up to be.
Because they still have this problem of understanding how RNA is used in these machines.
Sometimes I guess it's just a messenger and other times it can be a cog in the wheel.
And it is this hand-waving over these inconvenient facts that really makes it obvious to me now how bamboozled they want you to be about molecular biology, about cell biology, in order to get people to participate in academic biology in a useless way to pursue the ever-smaller cutting of tiny specializations
and never usefully pushing our understanding at the far edge.
At all.
Because we work under the same assumptions.
Evolution because DNA and all the consequences of that dumb idea.
The other molecules, they take molecules down.
All these are at the end chemical reactions.
And to understand this chemistry of life, you need to understand the structure of these molecules.
For more than half a century, biologists have sought to unravel the enigma of how proteins fold to function.
The effort to doing this is enormous.
You can think of it as something like $100,000 in expense, a couple of years of a PhD student's time, really an enormous investment to get even a single structure.
During a recent grand challenge, a team at DeepMind used artificial intelligence to solve a key part of the protein puzzle.
They trained a neural network to read the one-dimensional molecular sequence of a protein and predict its 3D structure.
For many proteins, AlphaFold2's accuracy is 99%.
DeepMind's breakthrough opened the door to a new era of biology.
People have said that biology is becoming a computational science, and this is certainly true.
The AI revolution, you start applying.
It's not becoming a computational science.
It always has been.
And that's been revealed by some of the books that we are reading in Biology 101, including, which is not there right now, the one
Shoot, I wanted to put that up, but I think I put it over there.
Where is it?
Yes, come on now.
There it is.
What is Life, Mind, and Matter is one of these books that really admits that a lot of the ideas that we are using to explain life using only
Physics and chemistry requires these kind of stochastic processes, requires these kinds of measurements across vast numbers in order to see the signal that they want to study.
And if you believe that these chemicals can be just mixed together in the right ways and that they will self-assemble into you, or into a baby, or even into a mosquito, you are absolutely mistaken.
We almost understand nothing about how life is perpetuated, how pattern integrities are perpetuated and sustained and maybe evolve over time.
And we definitely don't understand how DNA could be responsible for this.
There is no biology to explain how DNA is responsible for this.
There is biology to explain how DNA may encode proteins, yes.
But that in no way, shape, or form explains how a pattern integrity with a trajectory across time is encoded in DNA.
The change from a small infant to a seven-year-old girl that can play soccer.
Where is that?
Where did the Human Genome Project make any progress on that front?
Stop lying!
including the engineering of human-designed proteins to fix some of the world's biggest problems.
A protein-specific molecular function is a product of its three-dimensional folded shape.
They'll fold up into a really precise shape, and they do that every time, and that shape carries out a biological function.
If we have a 3D structure, then we can really begin to understand how these molecules behave and function.
So now what she just said there, if we have the 3D structure, we can really begin to understand how these molecules function.
It's not something that's coming out of her head like RNA cannot pandemic, or transfection is a crime, or intramuscular injection is dumb.
This is coming out of her brain because somebody repeated it to her over and over again, and she sat in enough seminars to hear other people say versions of it that she can regurgitate one of her own.
And we are confused by this in a video format because it seems like all these people agree on it.
No, it's these people have all learned the same mythologies.
They've all learned the same myths and how to tell their own version of them.
It's no different if you took five of these people in independent rooms and asked them to explain the myth of Santa Claus.
They would all have all the details right.
They might even be able to tell you that one of the reindeers in some stories has a red light on his nose.
That wouldn't make it true, even if they all agreed on that detail.
And the crazy part is, is that they were to tell us a story with very much conviction about a red-nosed reindeer that takes a small, white, fat gnome around the world and distributes presents every year, and they told it in the same way, and we were just as naive about that story as we are about molecular biology we would buy at Hook, Line, and Sinker.
Especially if they told us about transcontinental currents that need to be navigated by a strict wavelength of red light.
And that previous physics experiments have predicted the fact that a particular wavelength of light could cut through certain fogs in the Arctic and would be very useful in aviation.
Holy shit, there is a Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer.
This origami-like shape is rendered by the sequence of its primary structural components, amino acids.
All proteins are built from 20 different flavors of amino acids connected in chains, called polypeptides.
When first assembled inside a cell, proteins are unfolded, their amino acids strung together like beads on a necklace.
These amino acids can be arranged in countless configurations to form different proteins.
The recipe for a given protein's specific polypeptide sequence is encoded within a cell's DNA.
In 1969, biologist Cyrus Leventhal observed a paradox.
For any protein, even small ones, there's an astronomical number of possible folding configurations.
Yet proteins reliably fold into their functional shapes in less than a second.
The mystery behind this process became known as the protein folding problem.
Now the real question becomes, if they are manufactured by ribosomes in different tissues, why do they fold differently?
The real question becomes, is that spontaneously folded protein in any relation to the ribosomally manufactured protein?
Post-translational modification, does that change the protein folding?
Does the local conditions of the water around the manufacturer, do they change the conditions of the folding?
Can folding be changed by electrostatic forces?
In other words, what they are looking at are the chemical and physical processes that they can detect when they make enough of a single protein that the change is visible.
An unnatural pure quantity of a protein folds in a stereotypic way.
It doesn't necessarily mean that the one that they find in nature does, because the one that's found in nature can't be made in that huge pure quantity and studied in that way.
And so we may also be being misled by the fidelity of this program's ability to predict a 3D model.
The 3D model it's predicting is a model when the protein is made in a very pure form and allowed to crystallize.
They can't take these proteins out of your cells and put them under a microscope and look at how they're folded and compare that to alpha fold.
They take a synthetically generated version of that protein made by making recombinant DNA that encodes for it and then using a bacterial culture or some other system to create a large quantity of that protein.
How it's folded depends on those particular ribosomes and the particular system they use to generate it.
And so AlphaFold can predict that result to a 99% accuracy rate.
But we know nothing about how those proteins are folded by your particular ribosomes in a particular tissue or subtype of cell.
It could be different in every one.
And in fact, it's often assumed to be.
And yet we're giving away Nobel Prizes to imply that this fidelity is ubiquitous.
And it's not.
This fidelity of understanding is limited to proteins that can be made in pure enough quantities to culture and to pure enough quantities to crystallize and to use X-ray crystallography to measure across those millions of similar molecules a shape that would otherwise be undetectable.
And so the implication that that shape produced with unnatural means, with unnatural purity and unnatural quantities is related to the natural shape produced by a ribosome one at a time is another very big assumption.
It could be true.
But it's a big assumption that none of these people have the balls or the funding to test.
I can tell you that for sure.
They work on that assumption because their grant proposals require them to.
Google DeepMind was founded in 2007 to advance a nascent form of AI called deep learning.
After their AI systems successfully mastered Go and several other games, DeepMind's founder, Demis Hassabis, sought new challenges.
You know, we're very early days in development of AI, but there are still many unsolved problems.
The DeepMind team entered what has been called the Olympics of protein folding, the critical assessment of structure prediction challenge, or CASP.
CASP participants take amino acid sequences and then attempt to predict the protein's 3D structures using a computer algorithm.
Experimental chemist John Jumper led the team in the development of their protein structure prediction algorithm, AlphaFold2.
They trained a deep learning neural network with data that described more than 100,000 known proteins, both their amino acid sequences and their folded 3D structures.
plus evolutionary data about the proteins.
Build some of our understanding of proteins into it, what's called inductive bias in the language of machine learning.
It learned extraordinarily rapidly from data.
The data is processed by a series of powerful neural networks called transformers.
After cycling through the whole algorithm, AlphaFold reveals a structure prediction, along with a score of how competent it is in its predictions of different parts of the protein structure.
In 2020, the DeepMind team entered AlphaFold in CASP-14.
The algorithm's structure predictions came out on top.
It was really a shock.
You're looking at these things like, can it really be that good?
What's going on here?
By July 2022, DeepMind had released the structure predictions for 218 million proteins, nearly all of those known in the world.
Some called the protein problem essentially solved.
For many biologists, it took months or years to accept the results.
But at the University of Washington, David Baker had been developing software to solve the protein folding problem for three decades.
At that point, we really sort of said, OK, well, how can we take these new concepts and ideas and AI generally and apply it to protein design?
which is the process of synthesizing new and novel proteins.
Baker's goal is to design new proteins that don't exist
And so that's already kind of an enchantment, in my humble opinion, to say that they're designing genes that encode these proteins is trying to imply a level of mastery over this medium that they don't have.
Now, can they make DNA sequences that encode
proteins.
Yes, they can.
I do think that they can do that.
But that does not imply that they understand the code that might be layered upon that, the multi layers of code that might be above it.
They might not understand a three dimensional code that might be present in the structure of the DNA.
They don't understand how and why are the the data about the four dimensional aspect of life is encoded at all the four dimensional aspect being that trajectory across time.
And so these protein people are in a safe space in my mind because I do think there is a lot of chemical and material science to be done at the protein level.
And I have no doubt in my mind that there are going to be a lot of useful proteins that man will design and be useful for things.
That's true.
But it would be very different than, say, making a protein and adding it to our pattern integrity and having it be a part of our species going forward.
That would be the kind of genetic modification that, of course, would be really terrible, awful to propose.
And what you have to see here is, in my mind, is a graying of this area and implying already, testing the language already, the slave speak about making genes that code for proteins.
That's slave speak.
They're making you submit to this, that they are the masters, that they have the craft, and they can do this already.
That's what's happening here.
It's a subtle violence with words.
They are teaching us slave speak.
To design a new protein, researchers run the protein folding problem backwards.
Instead of predicting the 3D shape of a protein from its amino acid sequence, they design the 3D shape for a novel protein and then use AI tools to output the amino acid sequence before synthesizing the protein in the lab.
See, what's interesting about this is that this in no way, shape or form suggests to me that they understand why proteins have the shapes that they do.
They in no way, shape or form understand why proteins have the shapes that they do.
But now they are going to completely let the algorithm and the computer take little parts and pieces and suggest to them how they should put them together.
And then they're going to call that science.
Will it work?
I don't know.
Will it create dangerous things?
But it's not doing what they say it's doing, which is creating knowledge about who we are as a species and creating knowledge about what life is.
But instead, they are, again, engaging in this curation of this myth that evolution, because DNA, and the dogma, DNA, RNA, protein.
And these people are paid to do it.
They are 100% not gonna figure it out, even if they meet me.
Because their salary depends on them not figuring it out.
And because they are very comfortable at the top of this very narrow point of knowledge that they think they've assembled.
where proteins fold and protein folding is interesting and we can make medicines from here and genes encode proteins.
And they don't want to question any of that.
They just want to do some stuff here and keep getting grants.
And if they want us to talk into a camera sometimes and say our grant proposal out loud, I will do that.
We can now design proteins which are much more sophisticated and should be much more precise and safe.
Beyond medicine, we're working on improved methods.
Much more sophisticated and safe.
I don't know why safe had to go in there.
That's hysterical.
We wouldn't want to stumble upon a super protein, right?
Or a super antigen.
Of capturing sunlight and doing things with that energy.
We're working on improved methods for degrading toxic compounds.
the next frontier in the application of AI to problems in protein science.
I mean, I think what they ought to do is make it so that the melanin in my skin can also be photosynthetic so that I don't have to eat so much.
That would be handy.
I mean, you could just engineer that.
Lies in the prediction of protein interactions within the whole cell.
Right, these are the machines of the cell.
They do lots of really, really important stuff in the cell.
Inside a cell, proteins interact with a host of different molecules, including DNA, RNA, and metals.
So Baker's team, DeepMind, and others started developing AI algorithms capable of predicting these complex interactions.
The spring of 2024 saw the release of the next generation of AI prediction tools.
The Baker lab released Rosetta Fold All-Atom, which predicts the 3D structures of assemblies of proteins and other small molecules.
Soon after, DeepMind released AlphaFold3.
Really incredible improvements that we think are going to unlock a lot of new science.
The efforts of these three researchers and their teams have revolutionized the study of proteins.
In October 2024, the three were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry to recognize their scientific leap forward.
You always want to be pushing the frontier.
At a time of technology transition, it's a very intense time.
For me, it's been tremendously exhilarating.
I mean, there's so much more to be understood.
It's the beginning.
I'm gonna try and make an analogy here.
I gotta go back to my toolbox.
Hold on one second.
This is just a random example, but I want to make a point here about what they're talking about and what they're not talking about.
I want you to imagine a scenario that I was a guy who was trying to figure out how his motorcycle worked in his garage.
And I was trying to do a little show about how I had figured out how my motorcycle works.
And what I told you after several years of working actually is that I figured out
that there are two sizes of wrenches.
There's actually an English size and a metric size.
And the ones that are on the English side don't work very well on the metric ones.
And the metric ones don't work very well on the English ones.
And the really cool thing is, is today, I figured out that there's actually a new tool
that allows me to take apart the frame of my bicycle and it's so my motorcycle and it's so cool and it's this thing um and it's the shape of a it's the shape of a star and so i've added a new shape of a bit to my understanding of how motorcycles are assembled and i figured out that there's actually a torx bit
And so this is really cool because this means that now I can take the shell off of my bicycle and get under there and figure out what's there.
And I had no idea that I could remove that shell.
But now that I know that these Torx wrenches exist, I can remove that shell and find out exactly how complex my motorcycle is.
And now if these people tell you that they've figured out how proteins fold,
They're not, they're not, that doesn't mean that we're really close to understanding evolution because DNA.
That there's no God, that there's no creation, that there's no nothing, that we understand everything now, just take the shot and shut up.
But that's what slave speak tells you.
Slave speak tells you that they're almost ready to end disease, that war will be over, that everybody's comfortable.
That everybody's going to live forever.
I got another one for you.
Not sure what to do.
Ah, darn it.
What did I do there?
What do I want?
I want this one.
And then this one.
Oh no, not that one.
That one.
There we go.
And that one.
And not that one.
That one.
Wow, I rearranged my desk too much.
I got another video for you.
Let's do it.
other guests joining us.
They're amazing people.
First of all, I'd like to introduce Maxime Bernier.
This is from five days ago.
I just want to listen to Robert Malone at the beginning.
It's great to see you.
Welcome to the show.
Thank you very much.
I'm very pleased to be with you.
Well, I'm absolutely delighted to have you with here.
We have Ben Habib, who is a former member of the European Parliament, and of course, Dr. Robert Malone, who's one of the top doctors in the United States with international renown.
one of the top doctors in the united states but he's never practiced medicine introduced as one of the top doctors in the united states with international renown stop lying
And we're also joined with John O'Looney, who's another businessman from the UK.
He's been on my show many times.
John, it's great to see you too, mate.
How are you doing?
I'm good, mate.
I'm good.
Thanks for having me on, Jim.
Well, it's good timing, actually, gentlemen, because Dr. Malone and Ben Abib and I have just been talking about the maid in Canada and assisted dying and how it's looking to go into the Australian Parliament.
In the UK Parliament, they've been talking about... But why would they need assisted dying?
What problem would they be wanting to manage?
Please wake up and realize that these people are unwittingly or wittingly participating, and that Robert Malone is part of an intricate network of liars that has coordinatedly bamboozled us for five plus years, and that almost all the people, if not all the people that I've ever singled out are involved with him.
There is no other explanation for their five international COVID summits or six and the people that were involved in them.
There's no explanation for Senator Ron Johnson's many Senate meetings and the composition of them.
There's no explanation for what Steve Bannon did in 2020 with Stephen Hatfield and Robert Malone and Li Min Yan.
There is no explanation for it.
That's why they don't want you to talk about 2020 and 2021 anymore.
And that's why Robert Malone has got to be introduced as one of the most famous and respected doctors in America.
Stop lying.
pushing out something similar to that as well.
First of all, if I could go to the UK is under attack.
Do you not see that under attack by American traders who are assisting in the controlled demolition of your country?
Robert Malone's not saving you any more than he saved my kids or any of the college kids in America.
And these people are either dumb or they are absolutely participating in his undermining of your ability to resist.
Wake up.
Maxime, what's your take on the maid service in Canada?
And for those that maybe that around the world that maybe are not so familiar with you, you'll be very well known in Canada.
Just give us a little bit of background about the PPC maybe to begin with and what got you involved in that.
Yes, I'll be very short about the PPC.
The People's Party is a new populist political party in Canada.
We created that party in 2018.
And at the last election at the federal level, we had 5% of the vote.
The next federal election in Canada will be in 2025, maybe spring 2025, or
or maybe October 2025, and we hope that we can double our score from 5 to 10%.
We are the only, you know, populist, non-globalist, we are fighting the globalists here in Canada, and we are fighting for our sovereignty.
And about the subject of assisted suicide or dying,
It's here in Canada, we are promoting that at different state level also and at the federal level.
Actually, it's the cult of death.
You know, we are saying to people, if you want to die, usually it was only at the hospital.
Now they can do that in their home.
They can do that in a park.
They can do that where they want.
And actually also, you know, the doctor and the nurses
are able to promote that and our position at the People's Party, it must be criminal and illegal for a doctor or a nurse to promote assisted suicide or dying.
It must come from the individual.
And that's not the case.
It's happening when somebody may have cancer or anything.
They will promote that and say, you know, you can end your life tomorrow if you want.
Actually, I have a case.
One of my friends, 60 years old, he had cancer.
And the doctor said, you know, we can give you assisted suicide.
And now he's in shape.
After one year, he had different treatments, and he's in shape.
He's playing hockey.
But they were telling him a year ago, we can kill you if you want.
And so they're right there, right?
They could totally understand it if somebody would say it to them, that just like Maid, just like the euthanasia in the Netherlands, anybody that wants to jump off the boat right now, it's handy for them.
Would you mind if we sequenced you first?
So that's very crazy.
It's horrible what is happening in our country.
Well, Maxime, I'm very glad to hear that you're taking the stand, that we all are against the globalist agenda that's taking place.
And that's really, I have to, by the way, I will pay tribute to you in Canada and to all the great and amazing Canadian people.
You may not know this, Maxime, but actually I took my inspiration from the trucker movement.
This is very hard for Robert Malone.
Robert Malone is not enjoying waiting for his performance.
the Canadian freedom movement during the pandemic lockdowns.
I saw the brutality under the Trudeau regime that took place there.
And I was inspired by you guys to create an international freedom movement, which is now thundering down the tracks and which you wonderful gentlemen are here helping me to get the word out.
So he's got the international freedom movement.
Jim Ferguson is the international freedom movement.
And there's Robert Malone from Malone News.
And I'm going to come back to Dr. Robert Malone in a moment.
But I'd just like to say, John, it's great to see you.
John, you're actually a businessman in England, but you're also a funeral director.
And we've been talking about COVID a lot.
You've been on the show a long time with me on different occasions.
And we were just talking with Dr. Robert Malone a little while ago about this narrative that appears or is appearing more and more in the mainstream media about the potential for an H5N1 pandemic.
But you were at the cutting edge of it.
You saw some really bizarre things, didn't you, in your work?
Yeah, well what we're seeing predominantly now is that people are coming in who are deceased and I have 100% embalm rate.
So there are two types of death.
We have an expected death and an unexpected death.
Where death is unexpected, as the good doctor will be aware, quite often there's a post-mortem.
During the process of embalming these people we're finding that so now I will just pause it right here that any of the embalmers Like the guy Arna from Germany and this dude anybody with that knowledge needs to be controlled They need to be encouraged to stay focused on that They need to be encouraged to stay focused on the idea that the shot is doing it without coming up with a good explanation for it and
their testimony then, you know, can be useful to people like Robert Malone to spin it around and say that it's not the methodology in general.
It's not intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system that's dumb.
In fact, it's not even the transfection of people that's dumb.
It's just how we did it.
We should have done it more carefully, or we should have used a different lipid nanoparticle, or we shouldn't have used the spike.
full of white fibrous clots.
It's been predominantly in people that have been COVID vaccinated but we found literally an hour ago the first person who hasn't been COVID vaccinated that is full of white clots.
and we spoke to the son because he's very awake and asked us to let him know and it transpires this gentleman was being treated for Parkinson's for a number of years and a quick search on the internet reveals that they've been incorporating RNA into Parkinson's treatment
certainly for the last couple of years experimentally.
So this was a guy who wasn't COVID vaccinated but was treated for Parkinson's and would have no doubt had mRNA products and he was full of the white fibrous clots.
And I can tell you this guy, he called me, his son called me on Christmas Eve, asked me to go to the house and he said his dad wanted to say goodbye to him, to me, because I looked after his wife at the end of September.
and I went there and held this man's hand and he died a miserable death and he was full of these white clots and here they are, you know, they're a jar full of white fibrous clots freshly taken from a poor soul who died as a result of being poisoned with mRNA.
So I've been very vocal about it.
Let me ask you, John, I mean, just just for clarity, I mean, you've been in this business a long time.
Did you ever see anything like this prior to the vaccine rollout?
No, not at all.
And I've got a BIE registered embalmer who's done 25 years who has also never seen it.
I'm in regular contact with a growing group of internationally based embalmers and coroners who also confirm they've never seen it before, that it's a regular occurrence.
Now, it's almost being normalized, much like the deaths, the sudden deaths of young football players
You know, there was a time a number of years ago, I know here in England, we lost a Premiership player or a League One player, an African lad, and he died.
It transpired that he had a heart condition and there was almost a national day of mourning.
Universally, everyone came together to mourn the loss of this young lad because it just didn't happen.
And I can tell you as a funeral director, it didn't happen.
It's a regular occurrence now.
And all of these people have been subjected to the mRNA.
Well, I mean, Dr. Robert Malone, I mean, you have a deep expertise in RNA.
And maybe you would just give us some thoughts on to that and where you see that may be heading, which direction it's heading.
Because as John O'Looney has said, there seems to be a desire on the part of certain people, certain organizations to combine maybe more traditional type vaccines like the flu shot, for example, but maybe with RNA or mRNA.
Can you explain a little bit more about that, please?
So to understand this, you need to kind of understand the dynamics of the patent positions in the pharmaceutical industry and vaccines in general.
It's all about the IP.
Oh my gosh, it's all about the IP.
Maybe he's not lying.
I mean, what more do you want?
How much more obfuscation can somebody do over the course of five years of being a health freedom movement leader?
Holy crap.
Nature of this tech, and it's not just the messenger RNA, I'm not being defensive, but it's the combination of the messenger RNA and the cationic lipid formulations that were pioneered at University of British Columbia, as I recall.
As I recall, I thought Peter Cullis, I thought you called Peter Cullis up and he told you that it was new.
You awful liar.
You're so bad at lying.
You really should have took Mark Twain's advice and just told the truth because then you don't have to remember anything because you're not remembering everything there, Bobby.
that seem to be associated more with this phenotype.
And in particular with the COVID jabs, it's been associated with the expression of these recombinant spike proteins that we're now hearing data suggesting that those proteins remain in circulation for up to two years, not tested beyond two years.
so it may be much longer.
They have very long half-lifes that were pioneered at University of British Columbia, as I recall.
that seem to be associated more with this phenotype, and in particular with the COVID jabs, it's been associated with the expression of these recombinant spike proteins that we're now hearing data suggesting that those proteins remain in circulation for up to two years, not tested beyond two years.
So it may be much longer.
They have very long half-lives.
And the spike protein or these recombinant spikes that have two specific mutations to lock it into a certain conformation, that does seem to be associated with this coagulopathy or blood clotting phenomena.
And unfortunately, this guy down here just said that they moved Parkinson's therapy to RNA.
And of course, the Parkinson's therapy doesn't have a spike protein in it.
And so here he is again, just following the script that he has to follow because they can't go off anymore.
There's no script to go off of anymore.
They're stuck where they are.
And none of these people, not Robert Malone, not Brett Weinstein, not Peter McCullough, not Pierre Corey, not Jessica Rose, none of them knew that it was gonna go this long.
None of them knew that they would be defending this goal this long.
None of them knew that they would be defending gain of function this long.
We should have accepted it by now.
But they're gonna have to do something drastic in order to get this to actually be taught to our children.
It ain't happening on my watch.
Not if this is the best they've got.
catalyzes a particularly fibrous resistant clot, which is what John's talking about, is these white fibrous clots.
They're kind of almost squid-like.
So it's alarming to hear that that might be occurring in the absence of spike protein being produced from this technology.
So number one, it seems to be the combination of the formulation.
in particular, which, by the way, does cross the blood-brain barrier.
So is this something which, by the way, does cross the blood-brain barrier, is that a useful place to augment the immune system?
What about the ovaries or the bone marrow?
It's 2025, ladies and gentlemen.
This is not ineptitude.
This is not careful, you know, management of his professional career so that he doesn't risk everything.
This is narrative curation by someone who's working for the slavers, teaching us slave speak and reinforcing the slave speak that this guy's trying not to speak.
This guy is just like Byron Bridle.
The only time they can put him on screen is when they've got three other people to make sure that they have someone else to talk to to clarify his ideas.
Not that dissimilar to what happened to me on the Defender podcast when Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Tess Laurie and Jessica Rose and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
all had to say something about my seven minute thesis and none of them said anything useful.
something that is going to be deployed widely for other indications?
The answer is yes, because it basically represents a whole new domain for pharmaceutical development, which means that it is like a gold rush environment where the pharmaceutical industry is rushing to... Is there a gold rush environment in the diagnostics that define these diseases?
Is there a gold rush in the diagnostics that define and track these diseases that these people don't seem to care about at all?
And that may be why they really trash the RNA, you know, and trash it like these vaccines are not very good or it's new or we got to change some things because in the meantime, what's running in the background are all the diagnostics for COVID and RSV and pneumonia and shingles and all this other crap that everybody's testing for and all those products that everybody's selling.
But you got to start asking yourself is where is his wellness company?
Where is his FLCCC?
Where is his sponsor?
I'm going to escape out of here for a minute and make a quick extra slide if you don't mind.
It won't take me a second.
Just let me quickly do this here.
What did I call it?
Where is it?
Why don't I have it there?
Is it in 4k?
Oh, it's in the 4k one.
I got it.
Here it comes.
Sorry, my bad.
Just putting it in.
This is just an anecdotal data point, but it's a real data point.
I'm not really sure what you want to do with it, but it's a real data point.
And I think we should be very careful about these data points.
So, we were just talking about Robert Malone.
And our guests joining us.
Listening to him talk to this cover-up, this John O'Looney guy's observation about transfection in general being stupid and healthy people.
and trying to obfuscate the technology and its weaknesses as much as possible, defend the transition of the old vaccines to these new ones, and not usefully resisting them at all.
It's disturbing, it's disgusting, I might watch more of it later.
Here's a video I find very curious.
Hey guys, I'm gonna try to keep this as short and sweet as possible.
Podcast started December 2019.
A year later, a guy invested in the show, basically funded the show for three years from April 2021 to April 2024.
This past April, I guess.
April 2021 to April of 2024 was funded for three years to sit under a blanket and play video games and also do podcasts with Robert Malone and Stephen Hatfield and Jessica Rose and Matt Crawford.
Did you hear that?
Nobody funded me for three years.
They tried to give me a job doing something else.
Nobody funded me for three years except for Greg and Jeff and Simon and Steven and Rodney.
That's it.
And they're not funding me for three years.
He got funded for three years!
What does that even mean?
I hope I get funded for next month.
And I've been living like that for five years.
Chasing around these people whose all their bills are paid, who all their travel expenses are covered, and all their hotel breakfasts are free.
Even in Romania.
I started to get funding from Frank Speech, Mike Lindell's company, The MyPillow Man, as well as from- The MyPillow Man?
From a couple different sponsors, like supplement companies or Heaven's Harvest or all that stuff.
Matt Crawford was on his show with Jessica Rose multiple times.
Wake up and apologize to me for not knowing that.
Mark and I are breaking this illusion that these people have created with their shitty little weaponized piles of money here and there.
Casino money from Macau or laundered money from South Korea.
I don't know where they're getting their crap.
I know that somebody like Kevin McCairn, who's all interested in the Jews, has nothing to say about South Korea, except that he got COVID there.
Not that they would have a population problem to manage or that they're a corrupt country or anything like that.
Just that he got COVID there and he lives in Japan now.
Robert Malone, how many times was he on this show?
How many times was Jessica Rose with Matt Crawford on this show?
How many times were they on this show?
If you don't know, you better find out because he just made a giant admission.
Otherwise, what would Robert Malone and Stephen Hadfield even go on this guy's show for, unless they're all part of the same network of fake conservatives trying to take over, make a populist movement in America to be part of a controlled demolition.
And this kid is probably just stupid enough to have been used by them.
Just addicted enough to be used by them.
Just as naive enough to be used by them.
Was he so stupid to think that they would pay a video game player like him for three years to run a podcast that gets 50,000 views on Rumble?
He thinks he just got lucky or something?
There was no objectives to be achieved or no requirements to that three years of funding?
Stop lying!
And all of those are coming to a close this spring and summer, and I hope I can get them to re-up.
That's not guaranteed, and I'm not entirely sure what the chances are of that.
So, I mean, all the sponsors always... I mean, let's just be really honest here, right?
There's a broken science initiative that's being run by some guy who started the CrossFit movement a long time ago and then lost CrossFit, was bought out,
He's a very, very, very, very wealthy man.
And he has flown me to a couple of his Broken Science meetings and sometimes even flown my family there so that we get a long weekend together in Arizona or in California.
But let me make one thing crystal clear.
He never gave me a dime to pay for rent.
Never gave me a dime to pay for coffee or for bologna sandwiches for my kids.
Not a dime.
And so do I believe in the Broken Science Initiative?
Do I think that they're going to accomplish anything?
Quite frankly, no.
I don't think they will.
Because if they wanted to accomplish something significant, then there would be many different ways to do it.
And one of them would be gigaohm biological.
You wouldn't need to get me on board with the principles of broken science when I'm doing the work that I'm doing.
You would just support it.
But that's not what happened.
Instead, at three different broken science meetings, I got confronted by Jay Bhattacharya, who started the first time we met by telling me that he wasn't sophisticated enough to evaluate my biology.
And the last time we saw each other at a broken science meeting, he told me three different times.
Like lunch, and then dinner, and then breakfast the next day.
that I really needed to lay off of Robert Malone.
The same guy that CHD and Mary Holland fired me for talking about on December 22nd, 2023.
Same guy who's been on Tommy podcast multiple times with Steven Hatfill, most certainly a Deep State operative from 20 years ago already.
You either see it or you don't.
You either want to get free or you don't.
You either want to spread the truth or you don't.
You're either interested in actually learning something and therefore you're going to do the work yourself or you won't.
But right now the window's wide open.
Right now the back door is wide open.
Right now all you got to do is run.
And you can clear the shelves of every store
You can clear the shelves of every social media platform you've ever been on, and you can put this stuff permanently in an archive to make sure that we never lose this history.
This history, when seen by anyone, reveals the illusion, the mythologies, the curators, and the lies.
As I mentioned, using promo codes and all that good stuff and blah, blah, blah.
This is a direct, I'm not gonna sugarcoat it, this is a direct appeal to y'all.
There's about 50,000 of you guys that regularly watch this show.
The show requires about 60 grand a year to run.
It's about five grand a month.
I live by myself, I have no kids, I have no ex or wife.
He has no kids, he lives by himself, and he wants you to give him $5,000 a month for what he does after five years hasn't figured out shit and still doesn't have a message.
This is the American version of Ahmed Malik minus an MD.
Ahmed Malik also wants you to give him money, although he hasn't figured anything out, doesn't have a stance on anything, and just thinks we should all be health freedom people.
Just like Mary Holland, who's had a platform for more than a decade and hasn't gotten any farther with expressing the problem that we have with our government and the future enslavement that is intended.
They all want your money.
They all want their donations.
Every one of the people in that CHD picture is getting more than $100,000 a year.
How do you explain that?
They have like 60 people in that picture and they haven't accomplished jack shit.
Mary Holland was on Democracy Now!
opposite Paul Offit in 2015 and since then they haven't accomplished jack shit except for rise and resist people over profits truth over lies and courage over fear that's as far as Mary Holland and CHD have gotten in a decade
And he's got no message.
He's just a podcast that just plays video games under a blanket.
And he needs $5,000 a month.
I've got a 15-year-old son in basketball and in high school, at the same high school where Matthew Crooks came from.
At the same high school where the guy who supposedly shot Donald Trump a couple months ago came from.
And I've got a kid in a middle school in the same district.
And I've got a little girl in elementary school in the same district.
And I was a faculty member at a US medical school at the start of the pandemic and lost my job for speaking out against shit like this.
And we only need about $4,000 a month to survive.
And we'd gladly take three.
So, you know, decide who you want to support, decide whose work is worth supporting, and decide what this means for all the people that were on his show.
And then realize that there's Brett Weinstein and Eric Weinstein and the $100 million contract of Joe Rogan and countless other examples of the same thing, only just slightly different and dumber.
with a different way of explaining how they got there, but the same level of ineptitude, the same level of lack of understanding or lack of message, just giving people platforms and letting them talk and then reiterating the questions and the arguments that they just heard without usefully condensing them or usefully thinking about them or offering their own opinion.
or pets or college deaths or anything.
The show is running bare bones and the reason it's important... How does he spend $5,000 if it's bare bones?
What's his rent?
What's his... It cost me $40 a month for my internet.
Cost me about $150 for electricity.
We pay $2,400 a month and rent at this shitty house.
Because in Pittsburgh, there's no homes to rent.
Go look, Zillow will show you.
And the ones that are for rent are all owned by LLCs that own like 50 houses.
It's all happening right now.
We are being enslaved right now.
I'm a 53 year old guy who pursued tenure for 20 years and I didn't even have a chance to buy a house once.
The one chance that I had to buy a house I lost during the pandemic.
And as soon as they found out I lost the house, Charles Rixey started telling the whole world that he lost a house.
Now this guy has lost all of his funding and they might not re-up.
And he really needs your support, just like Doc Mollick really needs your support because, you know, he built that studio all by himself in the backyard.
And he gave up running five, five miles a week to do that podcast for you.
That's why he's fat.
And that it's bare bones and it's just me is that means there's no oversight, there's no committee, there's no, you know, focus grouping stuff.
And I'm not beholden to anyone, which makes it so that I can talk to anyone about anything.
I'm not beholden to anyone except I'm asking for some money because the people that were, I was beholden to for three years, stop paying me.
This guy has no clue.
regardless of how spicy the topic is.
That's why we are here where Robert Malone is pretending to call out Peter McCullough as BS.
The same way that Matt Crawford and Robert Malone were trying to convince me that we should call out Peter McCullough at the inaugural CHD conference in Knoxville in 2022.
Mark Kulak can verify that because he was also there.
Charles Rixey can also verify that because he was there.
And at the time they had a little meeting about the wellness company and whether people were being controlled by the wellness company.
Maybe Peter McCullough was being controlled by the wellness company.
That's why it's weird that Peter McCullough's substack promotes a substack of Harvey Reich and Harvey Reich is saying that Robert Malone is a great guy.
So within a week on X, Robert Malone calls Peter McCullough full of shit and then engaging in clickbait.
But then a week or less later on Peter McCullough's substack, Peter McCullough promotes the substack of Harvey Reich, also present in Romania.
And Harvey Reich says that Robert Malone got it right on all this stuff.
It's almost like the fake opposition corrects itself.
It's almost like the fake opposition only really does it a little bit and then goes right back to promoting each other.
Almost like they're all one great big team.
I mean, this, this, this substack that Paul Alexander puts out with my name in it, JJ, did he do the, did JJ provide the blueprint?
And then the entire God dang thing
is about the defuse proposal that since Bobby's book I've been trying to tell people is bullshit, that they just leaked some perfect document to prove that gain-of-function is real and that they can spray it in bat caves.
Since Drastic tried to get me to believe in that document, I thought it was bullshit.
So much so that in January of 2022, Charles Rixey came to my house and made me stream about it.
the same stream that supposedly caught the attention of Robert Malone and made him put, sit Robert F. Kennedy down and Ron Johnson down and make him watch my stream.
And here we have, have Paul Alexander, the guy who brought his wife and daughter to my house a couple of weeks ago, writing a sub stack without one gosh darn link to my work, but mentioning my name twice in the context of this bullshit.
And so is Paul a good guy?
How can I see him as a good guy?
Is he helping me?
Is this helping me?
Is this a sign that Paul understands my message?
It doesn't matter if he writes his own sub stack or just lets people put whatever they have to put on there.
The bottom line is that he's not helping my family any more than Robert Malone is, any more than Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is, or Merrill Nass, or Kevin McKernan.
They're all united in the same bullshit narrative about the diffuse proposal gain of function contaminated shots.
This guy's the wellness company.
So what am I doing?
What's happening here?
Why are these people coming to my house?
They're coming to my house because this is broken.
This is breaking and it's breaking because of me.
That's why the pseudonym of Jikki Leakes, Dr. A.K.
Saeed, or whatever the hell his name is, has got to try to convince you that Mark Kulak and I and George Webb are all one connected, interconnected network.
That's why Kevin McCairn doesn't scrutinize Robert Malone at all.
Rixey doesn't scrutinize Robert Malone at all.
Jickey thinks Robert Malone's a good guy.
That's why Robert Malone and Pierre Corey and Peter McCullough had to go down and testify in front of the Senate in Australia.
Not just random doctors, but those three guys.
Same guys that are on all the international COVID summits and in front of the European Parliament and in front of the UK Parliament and in front of the Senate.
Because this is a truth that needs curating.
It's not something that anybody can say.
And this account and its Jikki Leaks counterpart is the same exact group of meddlers.
It wouldn't even be surprising to me if somebody like Jessica Hockett was behind this or Nick Hudson because of how much they pretended to hate this account.
Actually, I have a DM in Twitter where
Jonathan Engler is actually gloating to me that he was the first person on Twitter to actually out Jikki Leaks as this doctor.
And Jessica Hockett is actually the one who sent me the link to his tweet saying, isn't this hilarious?
They have revealed themselves to me by lying to me over five years.
That's why I'm angry.
That's why I'm not gonna quit.
Because you haven't seen the alien that I have.
They haven't come to your house.
It's pretty creepy right now that the guy who's going to be the new head of the HHS, the guy who's going to be the new head of the NIH, those seem to be photographs with me and them.
It's gonna be really weird when the Senate committee asks Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
about his Wuhan cover-up book that he wrote, and asks him about the list of experts without whom's expertise the book would not have been possible, and the first name is mine.
Every one of these photographs with Jay Bhattacharya is taken at a Broken Science Initiative meeting.
I wonder what that means.
All these other pictures with Robert Malone and stuff are taken at CHD meetings.
There's Whitney Webb at a CHD meeting.
At some point, you guys are gonna have to wake up and realize that this is not by accident.
These people tried hard.
to get me to do what they needed me to do, for me to be their performing monkey, like Alex Washburn is, or like the US Right to Know Girl is.
They wanted that badly.
Now the bottom line is you're gonna see the truth from the other side, because how?
Because if the Democrats wanted to sink these nominations, I'm your man.
If the Democrats wanted to sink these nominations, I'm your man.
If Big Pharma wanted to sink these nominations, I'm your man.
And guess who ain't gonna get a phone call from any of those?
That would be me.
Because that's not the goal.
It is a coordinated effort.
It is a coordinated script.
And these people are all on it.
And the script may have had changes being made or it may be delayed or off course, off the calendar because of what we've done.
But I'm not under any false pretenses of what I've actually done.
Because I know that the vast majority of people on earth don't know who I am and don't know who Robert Malone is either.
But ladies and gentlemen, these people know who I am.
and the fact that they all universally ignore me is the best evidence that I can provide to you that these people are coordinating their lives.
They are participating in a theater that they are auditioning to maintain their role in.
Not that dissimilar to Tommy, except Tommy doesn't understand that he failed the audition.
Tommy doesn't understand that he failed their audition.
He did not rise to a level of usefulness that is economically valuable to them anymore.
He didn't wrangle enough cats.
The Danny Jones podcast is much better than the Tommy podcast.
So why would they re-up?
The Julian Michaels podcast is better than the Tommy podcast, and she's prettier, so why wouldn't they just support her?
Don't you see?
The Callie Means podcast.
The Casey Means podcast.
The Defender podcast.
Why would they support?
You missed your audition.
You had three years to get your shit together, and you blew it.
That's what happened, Tommy.
I had three years to get my shit together.
And I guess I blew it too.
And that's why they all ignore me.
That's why we're here right now.
That's the scary part.
This, this.
Look at it.
And then you're gonna say, oh, but there's you and Mark Kulak down here in the bottom.
Yeah, Mark Kulak is sitting next to John Baldwin.
who of course is absolutely positively now a part of that Team Robert Malone, Team Steve Kirsch, Team Kevin McKernan for over a year now, claims to be afraid of me because I yelled at him on the phone.
This guy right down here, that's John Bodwin.
Guess who he had breakfast with the morning of Bobby's announcement where we are in this picture.
Can you see me down here in the corner?
It's right here behind my head.
It's this picture that I'm talking about.
This is John Bodwin.
This is Mark Kulak and myself right here.
And that's John Bodwin.
And we are all at Bobby's announcement in Boston, where he announces he's gonna be president.
And sitting a couple rows in front of us is Robert Malone.
And sitting behind us, who John Bodwin had bagels and coffee with in the morning, is Meryl Nass.
and Abby Rockefeller.
At this inaugural, at this announcement when Meryl Nass and Robert Malone met at the front of the stage before the announcement happened, they hugged without words.
As closely as Steve Bannon hugged Lee Min Yan after her presentation that we've watched, Robert Malone and Meryl Nass hugged in a way that
I wouldn't hug any of these people.
But somehow, this guy named Jickie Leakes and this guy named Robert Malone want you to believe that I'm the bad guy.
Mary Holland wants you to believe that I'm the bad guy.
It's a very, very, very big time situation that we're in, ladies and gentlemen.
Robert Malone has done a nice admission of the three.
So the September 21st International COVID Summit was in Rome, where he also spoke to the Vatican, and we can watch that video tomorrow.
International COVID Summit Two was in France.
International COVID Summit 3 was in Brussels at the Parliament in the EU.
International COVID Summit 4 was in Bucharest, Romania.
That's the one that I say is probably the most revealing because that, I mean, Stephen Hatfield was there.
Nick Hudson was there.
Ryan Cole was there.
Both Glasspool Malone and Bobby Malone were there.
Jesse Rose was there.
Jay Kristoff was there.
Denny Rancor was there.
Byron Bridle was there.
Mary Nass was there.
And then in November, I'm sorry.
And then in 2024, they had a CPAC at International COVID Summit Five was in Washington, DC, finally in America.
And then in September, 2024, they went to the Japanese parliament to talk about the self-replicating RNA problem.
And so you can go download all of those.
You can look at who was there.
And what you will see is just meddlers.
People that never saved anyone.
They didn't save anyone.
The first international COVID summit was September, 2021.
I thought there was something in, like off the coast of Florida or something that they all told me about, but maybe that was before this.
This is the one in Romania.
This is the one that I think reveals the most.
Oh yeah, Brett Weinstein was there also.
Of course, why wouldn't he go to Romania?
Maybe they were all meeting with the Tate brothers, because those guys are really cool.
A lot of those same people have spoken in front of the Senate several times.
I actually met this guy in person, this Matthias Desmet, at the Brownstone meeting, and I actually told him about how RNA cannot pandemic in Dutch.
I explained it to him very well and I challenged him to have Robert Malone or Meryl Nass or any of these other people that have manipulated him into being part of the problem.
You should have them sometime over coffee or maybe tomorrow morning over breakfast, have them explain to you how RNA can pandemic.
Have them explain to you how gain of function viruses are able to go around the earth indefinitely despite not having any machinery of their own.
They won't be able to do it.
Ask them about transfection, is what I told him.
He was very frightened of me, but he listened, and he listened because I spoke in Dutch, and he was a little bit shocked.
I also spoke to three Dutch doctors who were there at the Brownstone meeting, and they were also equally shocked at my ability to succinctly say that the pandemic is bullshit, but no virus is also bullshit.
And I was able to do that already three years ago.
That's why Kevin McCarron had such a conniption on that stream with Mark Bailey, because they had to do that performance in order to try desperately to get me back onto their stupid dichotomous narrative of no virus virus, you know, terrain theory or germs or some crap like that.
They don't want to talk about the fact that the human population is at a peak.
It's gonna be at this peak for another generation or so, and then it's gonna go down very fast.
The birth rate's already collapsing because of dipshits like my brother who think that he's actually contributing something useful to humanity by not having children, although maybe he is, because he's probably not qualified to raise a critically thinking human being.
I'm mad, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm mad because my friend Nathan is dead.
I'm mad because my friend Annie is dead.
I'm mad because my father-in-law is dead.
And I'm mad because my sister-in-law is dead.
And I'm mad because I gave my daughter the entire American vaccine schedule until she was two years old, and CHD didn't save her from that either.
Only my wife did by delaying it and breastfeeding her.
I didn't do shit.
They only have one chance that there's this many people on the planet.
They only have one chance to invert this many kids into experimental animals without them even knowing it because their parents just allow it to happen.
The same parents that are allowing them to grow up on social media.
We only have one chance to save our children from this, ladies and gentlemen.
One chance, and it starts right now.
The protocols were murdered.
Gain of function is a mythology and the mystery that they tricked you into solving is ongoing right now.
And the spectacular commitment to lies is all that's required to sustain it.
Healthy people don't get sick, ladies and gentlemen, that's the truth.
RNA cannot pandemic.
And we can think our way out.
We can help our children think their way out.
And we can do that by teaching them a new biology.
I want a nonprofit
a gigaohm biological nonprofit in January of 2025, funded to make this book, funded to make this coursework, funded to start changing the world.
Because CHD ain't gonna do it, ICANN's not gonna do it, and voting is not gonna do it.
Bobby Kennedy's not gonna do it, we're gonna do it.
One teacher at a time, one kid at a time, one adult at a time.
One irreducibly complex human at a time.
One person at a time.
No one is talking about how the PCR diagnostics are still fraudulent.
How the lateral flow tests are still fraudulent.
Nobody's talking about this giant pile of weaponized money being produced by these shitty products, by the remnant sales in hospitals that started already a long time ago, is the source of all of these cell culture materials, and is the way that the Human Genome Project is going to make progress going forward, the generation of remnants and their sale and reuse.
None of these people will ever talk about that.
Not Jessica Rose, not Kevin McCairn, not Kevin McKernan, not Charles Rixey, not Peter McCullough, not Pierre Cory.
None of them will talk about these truths.
None of them will talk about gain-of-function mythologies.
None of them will talk about anything in 2020 or 2021, because if they did, they would reveal the truth.
Our health freedom movement in 2015 was that some vaccines are good but remain untested, processed foods are bad, exercise is good, and fluoride in the water is bad, and air pollution is bad.
And in 2025, we haven't moved.
Except now we're talking about self-amplifying RNA and the fact that that's real too.
There's been no progress in 10 years.
The health freedom movement is a failure, by design, by sabotage.
And it is sabotaged by slave speak, like rise and resist, people over profits, truth over lies, courage over fear.
The health freedom movement is slave speak.
That's why they had the movie Vax and it never got anywhere.
That's why they had books and they never got anywhere.
That's why they had books and never got anywhere.
And that's why the people who had books and movies at the start of the pandemic had a fear and cleavage site and no virus and nothing else, but a health freedom movement.
That's why at the start of the pandemic, the people that had books, the people that had podcasts, the people that had a voice had no message.
And that's why they have no message now.
because they are having the self-freedom movement manned by people like Robert Malone, manned by people like Steve Bannon, manned by people like Jimmy Dore, who despite meeting in person and getting a personalized copy of the book that says they're liars, hasn't had the guts to have me on his show or even have a conversation on the phone.
And that's why Children's Health Defense is selling a shit book like this.
And that's why General Michael Flynn, probably one of the co-authors of the whole QAnon movement, and a very staunch supporter of people like the Catholic movie producer, Steve Bannon, and the populist movement behind Donald Trump.
It's all one big show, ladies and gentlemen.
That's why Jimmy Dore can't see it, and a guy who was on the radio with Bobby Kennedy for 10 years can't see it, and why in Germany they're saying that Elon Musk is a bad guy.
Because it's all the same show.
Just like COVID was a show, it's a continuation of the same show.
That's why we're here in January of 2025, and I'm still stuck in the back of my garage, renting my house, struggling for rent, because slave speak
is how we argue now.
Slave speak is how we fight on social media.
Instead of using the language that I've been trying to develop, these people are perpetuating the slave speak.
These people agree to share one another's social media accounts and promote one another's articles in order to promote the slave speak.
If they were really fighting against the slavers, then they would take this language and run with it.
And any one of these people with guts would say, you know, Jonathan Couey is really abrasive, but gosh darn, that summary slide is kick-ass.
They're not gonna say it ladies and gentlemen, but I will keep saying it.
And if you like what I'm saying and want me to keep saying it, please go to gigaohmbiological.com and find a way to support this stream.
And if you can't do that, at least try to find a way to share it by either downloading it or sharing the links to stream.gigaohm.bio because Ted and I and Mark maintain that and we're making it better.
We're upping the bandwidth.
The messaging system and the email system of PeerTube and Soapbox is soon going to be linked.
And we're also going to be able to download audio only very soon, which means you can download this podcast or post it elsewhere.
And I encourage you to do that.
For example, if Jeff from Earth wants to take the audio from my
my shows and just make a podcast for me on any number of podcast things and maintain that by doing that every time I do a show, more power to you.
You want to do it in Norway, you want to do it in Germany, do it, do it, do it.
Take my work and run.
Take my words and run.
Save your grandchildren with them.
I love you all very much, ladies and gentlemen.
Thanks for being here.
I'll be here again tomorrow.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
This is Gigo and Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Very happy, very excited.
2025 is when we take it to a new level.
Sorry I haven't gotten a hardwood.
The hardwood is still being edited.
It's like a 40 minute one and I needed all kinds of graphics and so it's really... Editing is a lot of work.